docs(backend-integration): add an example `importedChunks` (#18357)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/backend-integration.md

   <!-- optional -->
   <link rel="modulepreload" href="assets/shared-B7PI925R.js" />
   ```

>    An example pseudo implementation of `importedChunks` in TypeScript (This will
>    need to be adapted for your programming language and templating language):
> 
>    ```ts
>    import type { Manifest, ManifestChunk } from 'vite'
> 
>    export default function importedChunks(
>      manifest: Manifest,
>      name: string,
>    ): ManifestChunk[] {
>      const seen = new Set<string>()
> 
>      function getImportedChunks(chunk: ManifestChunk): ManifestChunk[] {
>        const chunks: ManifestChunk[] = []
>        for (const file of chunk.imports ?? []) {
>          const importee = manifest[file]
>          if (seen.has(file)) {
>            continue
>          }
>          seen.add(file)
> 
>          chunks.push(...getImportedChunks(importee))
>          chunks.push(importee)
>        }
> 
>        return chunks
>      }
> 
>      return getImportedChunks(manifest[name])
>    }
>    ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
   ::: details Pseudo implementation of `importedChunks`
   An example pseudo implementation of `importedChunks` in TypeScript (This will
   need to be adapted for your programming language and templating language):

   ```ts
   import type { Manifest, ManifestChunk } from 'vite'

   export default function importedChunks(
     manifest: Manifest,
     name: string,
   ): ManifestChunk[] {
     const seen = new Set<string>()

     function getImportedChunks(chunk: ManifestChunk): ManifestChunk[] {
       const chunks: ManifestChunk[] = []
       for (const file of chunk.imports ?? []) {
         const importee = manifest[file]
         if (seen.has(file)) {
           continue
         }
         seen.add(file)

         chunks.push(...getImportedChunks(importee))
         chunks.push(importee)
       }

       return chunks
     }

     return getImportedChunks(manifest[name])
   }
   ```
   :::
````
I think we can put it in a container as it's a bit long.

   <!-- optional -->
   <link rel="modulepreload" href="assets/shared-B7PI925R.js" />
   ```

   ::: details Pseudo implementation of `importedChunks`
   An example pseudo implementation of `importedChunks` in TypeScript (This will
   need to be adapted for your programming language and templating language):

   ```ts
   import type { Manifest, ManifestChunk } from 'vite'

   export default function importedChunks(
     manifest: Manifest,
     name: string,
   ): ManifestChunk[] {
     const seen = new Set<string>()

     function getImportedChunks(chunk: ManifestChunk): ManifestChunk[] {
       const chunks: ManifestChunk[] = []
       for (const file of chunk.imports ?? []) {
         const importee = manifest[file]
         if (seen.has(file)) {
           continue
         }
         seen.add(file)

         chunks.push(...getImportedChunks(importee))
         chunks.push(importee)
       }

       return chunks
     }

     return getImportedChunks(manifest[name])
   }
   ```

>    :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   :::
```
